Introduction : Wordpress is considered to be the most popular CMS (content management system) on the internet which allows us to set up blogs and websites with 
               the ease of a few clicks.As it has an engaing UI, modifying it to our convenience is easier thus making it a robust application. 
                
               The objective behind this guide will be to set up a Highly Available, Scalable and Failure Resistent Wordpress Application Architecture that involves 
               Virtual Private Cloud(VPC), Application Load Balancer (ALB) , DNS Name, Auto Scaling Group ( ASG), Relational Database Service (RDS),EC2 instances 
               and a CI/CD Pipeline.
               

Architecture :

VPC: AWS provides us with a platform of making our own private cloud for maintaining data abstraction and securing data.
     We configure a VPC which by default makes a Route Table, Security Group and an Access Control List (ACL). A VPC is region specific and needs to be provided an IPv4 CIDR Block 
     like 10.0.0.0/16 and allows us to launch subnets in different Avalilability Zones ( AZs - ap-south-1a,ap-south-1b,etc ). We should have atleast one public subnet with 
     auto assign IPv4 enabled for public resources and and one private subnet for private resources in each AZ. The subnet is given a CIDR Block from the CIDR Range of VPC. 
     To allow a logical connection between an Amazon VPC and the Internet we create an Internet Gateway which is VPC Specific and allow it in a new route table from all traffic
     and associate the public subnets to this table keeping the main route table private. The more number of subnets we create in different AZs makes our architecture more 
     failure resilient and scalable. 
     But there is a big question that arises from this setup - How do we connect to any instances in Private subnets ? Or how do we provide them internet connectivity ?
     Resources in a VPC can communicate with each other through security groups but may not be alllowed internet access. We have pandora's box here in the form of NAT Gateway 
     which gives private resources internet access but prevents the internet from initiating a connection with those resources. NAT Gateway must be mentioned in private Route 
     Table from destination all traffic.
